Fear is a primal instinct.
It pushes you to survive.
To be competitive.
But it also controls you.
(screaming)
There comes a time
when you need to overcome
your worst terrors.
and that time is now.
Heh heh heh.
I'm Johnny Knoxville.
and this is
"Fear Factor: House of Fear."
(music playing)
14 real people
with very real fears.
Go!
10 weeks
of insane challenges.
(screaming)
We're going up to 90.
Ha ha ha!
Oh. man.
I'm glad I'm up here.
- No!
- Hang in there.
- Oh. no.
- Aah!
They will confront
their worst fears...
Biggest fear in my life
is absolutely fire.
- ...and live together.
- Ooh!
It's literally "Fear Factor"
on steroids.
She needs to go.
Congealed blood
and pig snout pie.
- Tonight is puke night.
- (retching)
- (laughing)
Here there's just one rule.
- (screaming)
- Control your fear...
He has really tough skin.
Aah! I want out. I want out.
- ...control the game.
- Up. up. up!
- (bleep)
- (shouting)
That's what you do.
You lie. you make connections.
then you backstab
and blindside.
Nobody trusts you in the house.
- You are a liar
and you are fake.
- No.
Wow! The gloves are off.
Because in the end...
- Get me out. Johnny.
- Ha ha ha!
the one who does...
(gasping)
will conquer
the competition...
- Yes!
- ...and earn the right to say.
"Fear is not a factor."
- Hey!
- You got this.
- Oh. my God!
- They don't got this.
- (horns blare)
- Oh. my God!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Oh. this is insane.
- I think I'm more scared now.
- So crazy.
- What did I get myself into?
- No way.
- Oh!
Johnny: Oh. boy.
Here come the lucky ones.
- About to be unlucky.
- Oh!
- Oh. snap.
- Johnny!
- Hello.
I was an NFL cheerleader.
and people say
all types of things
about cheerleaders.
Like we're dumb. soft.
But I am here to show that all
these stereotypes are wrong.
What did I get myself into?
I cannot believe I am in front
of the Johnny Knoxville.
This is crazy! I don't know
if I'm ready for this.
What a handsome bunch.
Nice to meet you.
Welcome to "Fear Factor:
House of Fear."
- (cheering)
- Yeah!
I'm Johnny Knoxville.
You know. all of you
have real reasons behind
your biggest terrors.
And you all share the same goal.
to face down your fears.
- Oh. God.
- Some people go to therapy.
Some people listen
to a self-help podcast.
You guys joined "Fear Factor."
We did.
What the hell
were you thinking?
Now. I got you
some welcome gifts.
Whoever has a matching gift
to yours will be your partner
in tonight's first challenge.
- Oh! Okay.
- We already started.
Always gotta start
with a twist.
I'm the ultimate
"Fear Factor" super fan.
As a kid.
I applied for season two
because I have many fears.
But my biggest fear
is mayonnaise.
Thank you. Mr. Knoxville.
I'm not scared at all.
- Oh. boy. No. no.
Keep it away from your face.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
- The original "Fear Factor."
you just basically
compete in challenges.
Here. we're living
with 13 strangers.
There's going to be twists
that Johnny brings in.
I have no clue
what to expect.
What are we waiting for?
Let's open them.
- Aah! Oh. God.
- Oh. I am so upset.
I told them.
like. Angora blankets.
- There is blood on my hand.
- There's blood on your hand?
A little blood won't hurt you.
I'm from West Virginia.
where a lot of people hunt.
I've seen a lot
of skinned heads before.
However. I hate blood.
and there's blood dripping
down my freaking hand.
Johnny: Our teams
for the first challenge
are Tyler and Lance.
Zach and Rob.
Ethan and Jeni.
Jayleen and Dida.
Danielle and Rodney.
Blake and Chelsea.
and Damienne and Kristen.
I'm having to take
deep breaths right now.
Johnny: During this competition.
your fears will be put
to the ultimate test.
- Oh. my God! This ain't real.
- But at the end of it.
one of you will
walk away with $200.000.
- (cheering)
- Let's go!
I can finally
fix my house up.
make my daughter's room
the best room that
she's ever dreamed of.
I feel like
I'm about to faint.
Get acquainted.
go explore the house.
get used to
the communal bathrooms.
- which would be
my biggest terror.
- What?
I'll see you
at tonight's challenge.
And trust me.
it's going to suck.
Oh. my God.
- (cheering)
- Let's go! Let's go. baby!
- Yeah. baby!
- (overlapping chatter)
- Ooh!
- Shut up.
- Okay. crew!
- It is very. very nice.
but it also does have
that kind of horror movie vibe.
(echoing scream)
Oh. this is crazy. bro.
What's your. like. top fears?
I don't like water.
I'm scared of rats.
Also. like. being buried alive
is a fear of mine.
I'm a good swimmer.
It's only because
I don't want to drown.
See. I wish I had that.
My friends will say
I'm like a siren.
I'm cute. I like to have fun.
and men listen to me.
One of my concerns.
I don't eat meat.
- I'm vegan. Yeah.
Don't tell anybody.
- You're vegan? Hell. yeah.
- I just told you.
- I'm gonna keep my mouth shut.
I was going to tell everyone
I'm lactose intolerant.
I'll keep it quiet.
- It takes a little bit
to see people's true colors.
- Yeah.
- I'm from Louisiana.
- North Carolina.
You know. we're both
from the south. and we got
to bring that. like.
- southern hospitality in.
- We can do it.
- That's it already. Bonded.
- Yeah.
- Are we the only
girl-girl partner?
- I think so.
- Shoot. that
means we're the weakest.
- Girl. you got us messed up!
Being a salon owner
from Atlanta. Georgia.
people have always
underestimated me.
But everybody is about
to watch me kick butt.
My name is Damienne
for a reason. baby.
- Kris and Damienne.
- Kris and Damienne. honey.
Like. we got
to be manly tonight.
- We're gonna be manly tonight.
- We're the manliest men here.
Tell me something
about your background.
I was born in Kingston. Jamaica.
I moved here when I was.
like. five. six years old.
- How about you?
- Born and raised
in Brooklyn. New York.
I paint street art murals
in New York City.
I'm actually a retired
New York City detective.
I did 25 years.
but this is a game.
I don't want
to reveal too much
because too much information
puts a target on your back.
Bottom line. none of us
want to be the first one out.
Let that drive you.
motivate you.
It's Johnny Knoxville.
It's "Fear Factor."
It's literally "Fear Factor"
on steroids.
You know. like.
what would Jesus do?
- What would Johnny do?
- WWJD.
What would Johnny do?
This isn't the kind of guy
I would hang out
with at home.
We come from different worlds.
He's a redneck
and I'm a California boy.
But we got to pull out
this win.
I don't want to go home
in a wheelchair or a coffin.
We're going to hell.
(music playing)
- Oh. my gosh.
- Where are we?
- It definitely feels
like a horror movie.
- What is this?
Moment of truth.
- What?
- Oh. my-- what is that?
- Aw. hell. no.
- No. Unh-uh.
- No. no.
- Suffocation!
That's like my worst nightmare.
This is a confined space.
and I feel sick.
- Are those real people?
- No!
Hey!
Oh. my gosh.
Welcome to your first challenge.
- No. no. no. no.
- We call it Sealed Fates.
- No. no. no. no. no.
- What the hell?
You and a partner
will be stuck inside a giant
vacuum sealed bag.
My heart's racing.
I'm claustrophobic as hell.
First. the air will be
sucked out of your bag.
To breathe. you'll have
a thin air tube.
Then you and your partner
must endure the intense
sensation of claustrophobia.
- What? Oh.
- Get through that.
and a horn will sound.
and that will signal
that you can work together
to escape.
There are two top buttons
on your frame.
Press them.
and your bag will unseal.
If at any time you need to quit.
there is a panic button.
Hit it.
and you will be released.
But you and your teammate will
be at risk for elimination.
Oh! I'm about
to pass out already.
The first two teams to escape
and get to their podium
not only win this challenge.
but they will earn
a big advantage.
Tomorrow night. there will be
an elimination challenge
that we call the Endgame.
The two teams who win today
will get to pick
the four players
who will fight it out
in the Endgame.
And sadly. one of those
players will go home.
- We got it.
I wish everybody good luck.
Remember. control your fear.
control the game.
Tyler. you're good
with confined spaces. right?
- No. no.
- No?
No. no. no. no.
I am so absurdly nervous
because one of my worst fears
is tight spaces.
I have four kids.
and when I get scared.
it creates mass chaos
because they get scared.
Even my kids dogpiling me
panics me.
This is going to
be hellacious.
Heh heh heh heh.
- Here we go.
- Ugh. God.
- (shivering)
- Oh. my God.
- Lord. help me now.
- Ready?
Johnny. I'm over here
freakin' tripping right now.
Let the sucking begin!
- Here we go.
- Oh. my God.
This is air.
This is sucking.
- It's getting tighter.
- Bro. I'm so claustrophobic.
(panting)
Oh. my God.
If I can't talk to you.
stay focused. You got it.
- You should save your air!
- Come on.
(panting. gasping)
- Oh!
- I'm nervous. Johnny.
Johnny: All the air is being
sucked out of your bags.
- (wheezing)
- It's going to feel
awfully tight in there.
- This is not enough air for me.
- (laughing)
- This is scary for me.
- It's scary.
I'm only 20 years old.
and I'm a university student.
I've never experienced
anything like this.
I want to throw up.
but here I am.
and it's happening.
I'm here to face my fear.
(panting)
Does anyone feel
their organs compressing
as the walls close in?
- Johnny. Oh!
- You're good.
(muttering)
Oh. my God!
I am about to panic right now.
I can't breathe.
This is terrible.
It's getting tighter.
What did I get myself into?
- We're in it. dude.
- (hyperventilating)
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
Make sure your eyes are open.
- (hyperventilating)
- All right. kids!
If you think this sucks.
how about
we turn off the lights?
The what?
Johnny: A little bit of
claustrophobia in the dark?
- Aah!
- Oh. my God.
I can't see anything!
It's getting tight in here!
Johnny: Remember.
when I blow the horn.
climb up.
turn on both lights.
then get your butts
to the podium.
Only the first two pairs
to escape
will be safe from
participating in the Endgame.
Everyone else will be
at risk of elimination.
I can't move.
It's getting tighter.
(panting)
I bet this is a lot better
than being in the mine!
Oh. yeah. This is nice. dude.
Comfortable.
I was a coal miner for.
like 10. 11 years.
So being trapped
in a confined space
struggling for air
doesn't bother me.
I have fear.
don't get me wrong.
But this isn't one of them.
- (hyperventilating)
- You got this. partner.
You got this. You got this.
- So proud of you.
- Jay?
- Yeah?
- Talk to me. I'm freaking out.
No. no. no. no. no.
Johnny:
The only way to survive this
is to control your fear
or hit the panic button.
We're going to get out of this.
Don't push the button.
Your bags are now airtight.
No room to wiggle a finger.
It is you versus
your own limits.
- I'm trying.
I'm trying. y'all.
- I can't breathe.
My heart's racing.
I think it's adrenaline.
Being stuck in this position
is freaking me out.
I don't know how much longer
I can last.
(laughing)
(panting)
- Oh. my good--
- (hyperventilating)
You're facing your fears.
You got this.
Think about how proud your kids
are going to be of you.
I'm trying so hard
not to cry.
but I can't quit.
I have to finish
this challenge for my kids.
So proud of you.
Oh. my good-- oh. my God.
Oh. my God!
- Talk to me.
- I got you.
Keep your feet and legs
moving a little bit
so you don't lose circulation.
That climb is going to be
everything.
I'm just waiting
to hear the horn.
All right.
Try to escape!
(horns blare)
Okay. Here we go.
Push like a leapfrog. partner.
- It is really tight.
- I can't move at all.
Put your back on it. partner.
Put your back on it.
- I can't get up here.
- Moving around a little!
Wow. There goes Ethan.
You can't get out of there
until both lights are green.
- Let's go.
- Put your back on it.
Johnny: Tyler and Lance
both close to the top.
If I'm going to win.
I have to overcome my fear
of being trapped.
Zach and Rob are killing it.
- Come on.
- Oh! We got a green light.
Ethan!
And Tyler lit hers as well.
- That's two!
- Yes!
- Bring it down.
- Johnny: Lance!
- Come on. baby. You got it!
- Johnny: Oh. Jayleen!
Ethan's got Jeni's.
And Dida! Oh. my God.
This is tight.
- Oh. yeah.
- (panting)
- Come on! Come on! Come on!
- (groaning)
- I'm coming.
Oh. my God. This is tight.
It's close.
Okay. go. go. go. go.
Ha ha! All right.
Here they go.
- Come on. Go. go. go.
- (groaning)
- Johnny: Oh!
- Go. go. go. go!
- (groaning)
- Johnny: Rob and Zach in first!
- Yeah!
- (shouting)
Johnny: And Tyler and Lance
beat Ethan and Jeni
by literally a second.
- Ah! Whew. I can breathe.
- First team. bro.
- We did it! We did it!
- We did it.
It feels so weird
to breathe now.
- Oh. my God.
- Zach. Rob. how you feeling?
I was talking about going again.
Me and Rob are two of the people
that get to put people up
on the chop block
for elimination.
And when you have that
kind of power. it's amazing.
I cannot wait.
Tyler. you were
freaking out before.
- I was freaking out in there.
- I was there for her
because I knew
she was so worried about this.
I heard you talking to her.
That's sweet.
I feel really proud of myself
because I conquered
a huge fear of mine.
and that's confinement.
My kids will think
I was so cool.
Zach and Rob.
Lance and Tyler have won.
Everyone else are at risk
for elimination in the Endgame.
Four people will face off.
Who will it be?
Well. that's up to our winners.
I did face my fear.
but my fate is in
other people's hands.
I'm a little nervous
that I might be up for
elimination right now.
Head back to the house now.
See you tomorrow.
- We made it!
- We all did it.
- We did it.
- (sighs)
Now I'm nervous
for other stuff.
I'm like. if that
was so hard for me.
- what else do we have coming?
- Yeah.
The four winners. myself.
Lance. Rob. and Zach
have to make
a really big decision.
Who are the four that are
gonna go in to the Endgame?
- I'm nervous.
- I've been super open
with my fears.
I'm scared of rats.
Have you told
your fear to anyone?
I am such a scaredy cat
over spiders and snakes.
- Right. Me. too.
- Right.
I can't even think about it. honestly.
When I was little. I asked
for a snake for my birthday.
My parents delivered.
They got me a pink snake.
But at my actual
birthday party.
the snake bit me on my hand.
And so ever since then.
I have hated snakes.
I can't believe someone's
going home already.
That actually stresses me out.
It stresses me out that
I'm a part of it. you know?
In my day to day
as an international
flight attendant.
I'm mingling with all
different types of people from
all different backgrounds.
just "ex-orbing"
information like a sponge
and ready to use it
when it's most beneficial.
Kristen let us know
that she's afraid of snakes.
And Jayleen
is afraid of rats.
I don't know if this is
something I need to know.
but if we need a scapegoat
to go in the Endgame.
I have some options.
This is what we signed up for.
Face our fears.
Social strategy gameplay.
I'm ready to
stab a couple backs.
take a couple names.
and deal with
the repercussions later.
Good morning. Good morning.
- Are you a pancake or a waffle?
- That's hard.
That's actually
a hard question. Pancake.
Me. too.
I really kind of vibe with you.
Because I'm older than your mom.
Because you're like my mom.
I'm actually getting
a sweat in. so...
- We're doing it. girl.
- Jayleen seems super cool.
She's cute.
She looks at me and it's almost
like puppy dog eyes.
And that's a big weakness
for me.
Whew! Strong.
- Okay.
- What is this?
- Oh. my God.
- Oh. he's doing squats.
You know she's loving every
minute of it.
I can feel my heart pounding
right now.
Rob is definitely feeling me.
And I do think
he's really cool.
You got this. girl.
Come on. four.
But also. he was the winner
of our challenge.
so I can definitely flirt
a little bit.
You know. that's advantageous
to me in a way.
I think Rob is a sucker.
and Jayleen is pond scum
that can go to anybody
and grow on anything.
She's. like. just transparent.
and I don't like that.
Blake. you got to tell us
about your love life.
Oh. okay. So. um. I'm gay.
- Yeah.
- Hi.
Wait. Are you gay. too?
Okay. okay. I didn't--
I have never. at 36.
never been in a relationship.
I don't crave it.
Blake is giving
very "Young Sheldon" vibes.
He is someone
that I could possibly
work with in this game.
Strength in numbers
will get the king to the crown.
- Who teaches yoga?
- I teach acrobatics because
I was an NFL cheerleader.
- For who?
- For the Carolina Panthers.
Shut up! No. you were not.
And then for
the Arizona Cardinals.
so for two teams.
(laughter)
So we're out here.
We're by ourselves now.
We don't got all those people
over there listening.
- Right.
- That girl that you were
squatting out here earlier?
- What about her?
- She's honey potting you.
- You think
she's honey potting me?
- Yeah.
- Dude. for sure
she's honey potting you.
- We'll see.
She's going to
get on your good side
so you don't vote her off.
- Just because she's cute.
- And you fall in love.
"Yeah. I can't vote her off."
- Girls are good at it.
- I would never do that.
- That's what everyone says.
- I don't care.
- (knocking)
- (bleep)
- Come in!
- Ooh.
- What's going to happen?
- Johnny: Ha ha!
- (screaming)
- Hello!
Johnny! He's here!
Oh. my God!
Oh. no. This cannot be good.
I'm extremely nervous
for the Endgame.
- Oh. no!
- Oh. no.
Johnny: All right.
Rob. Zack. Lance. Tyler.
you won our first challenge.
So you get access
to a special area in Fear House.
We call it the First Look Room.
- Ooh.
- Whoa.
Behind these doors.
you're going to see a simulation
of the Endgame.
(music playing)
The four of you
have won the power
to pick any four
individuals to participate in
the elimination challenge.
where one of them will go home
and not return to the game.
Now. the purpose of the video
is to help you zero in
on your targets.
- (bleep)
- Oh. my gosh.
You know. you guys
have been learning a lot about
each other's fears.
That's if everyone's
sharing their fears.
Some people are not sharing.
- Some people swear
they're fearless.
- All right.
This first look advantage
is a huge game-changer.
I should not have been
so honest with these people
about some of my fears.
Now they're going to
use it against me
and potentially
send me home.
So for the first time ever.
please step into
the First Look Room.
- Oh. my--
- Oh. God.
Yeah!
Ooh!
(music continues)
It literally looks
like a horror movie.
- Oh. my gosh!
- It's creepy.
- This is wild.
- When making a decision
about who's gonna
go in the Endgame.
we have to think about who
will be the most squeamish
or who will be able to face
their fears in that moment.
That's a big game-changer
right here.
Someone's life is on the line.
and we have a lot of power.
This feels very "Poltergeist."
Here we go. y'all.
(music playing)
- Okay.
- (alarm blares)
Ooh. this is looking good.
(hissing)
Oh.
Ugh! Oh!
- Ooh. no.
- Bugs.
- Whoa.
- Oh. no.
- Snakes?
- That's wild.
Awful.
No way.
- Oh. God. Ooh!
- I'm excited.
Kristen is the most afraid of
the things we saw in the video.
especially snakes.
We put her in
that firing line...
We're setting ourself up.
- Yeah.
- She's going to be
scared to death.
- and I don't think
she would make it.
- Absolutely.
I want them to come out
of that room
and I want to interrogate them.
- Yeah.
- You could get Rob to talk.
I know that.
- Funny.
- What's some of y'all thoughts
on the women in this house?
- Jayleen. get rid of her.
- She's too little.
- She was picking him
up out there doing squats.
- That's so true.
- Don't let size fool you.
- We can just get the girls out.
Everyone knows girls
are scared of snakes. spiders.
creepy crawlers.
stuff like that. you know?
- Okay. who are
the biggest threats?
- Ethan is invincible.
But Blake. he's quiet.
He's a sleeper.
We didn't talk about Rodney.
He comes across very fearless.
Y'all really making me
sweat right now.
- I can see the nerve.
- I'm stressing.
- It's stressing.
- This is stressful to me.
- Well. well. well.
- (overlapping chatter)
- Oh. my God.
- Are you ready?
Bugs.
Creatures.
- Bugs?
- Yeah. how y'all feel
about bugs?
This is my ultimate
worst nightmare.
- That's all you can say?
- It's what we agreed
to tell y'all.
I'm shaking. Roaches bite.
They can lay their eggs
in your skin.
Something horrible
is going to happen.
If I'm up for elimination.
I'm going to be sitting
here panicking.
Are you guys clear
on who you're picking?
Lance. Zach. Rob.
and Tyler get to choose who
has to go into the Endgame.
I know it's going to be
creatures and bugs.
I'm shaking in my boots.
I don't want to do this.
All of our heads
is everywhere.
Yeah. I threw your name out.
- Stop! Did he?
- I did though. didn't I. Lance?
- He definitely did.
- Why do you hate me?
Then I said we could
get rid of her. too.
- Why do you want us out?
- I don't want anybody out.
It's just funny to me
saying people's names.
He thinks just because
I'm a cheerleader
that I can't do this.
This guy doesn't even know me.
I think it's because we're cute.
Where's your guys' heads at?
We just know that Zach
is going to pick one of us.
I wore bewitching oil
because I knew I had to find
someone to protect me here.
Maybe that's Rob.
Maybe it worked on him.
Can we agree we're going to
look out for each other?
- Both: Yeah.
- Cool.
Why don't we all
just say one name?
- I'm okay with Blake.
- Blake is a threat.
He's crazy smart.
I also think he could
take us all out.
I can't personally vote for him.
For me. it's between
Ethan and Dida.
That would put two alphas in
that won't have any blowback
for neither one of us.
- It wouldn't be a smart move.
- Ethan's probably going
to come back.
- Yeah.
- I don't like that.
Do we want to throw Blake up?
- Blake's my vote.
- That's three.
- I mean. three wins. so...
- You got to participate.
I have been participating.
Everything I've done
has been shut down.
so I'm getting to the point
where I don't give a (bleep).
- You all right. man?
- Ethan?
Y'all all right?
You're not about to play that
role with me. Rob.
I'm not your little minion.
I ain't those other people
that's scared of you.
Put a girl in.
Not putting Jay.
You're not putting Kris.
I could do the same thing
as everybody else.
I'm not here to please anyone.
I came to show
my social strategic brain.
This Endgame
is going to turn heads.
We could put in Jay.
Do y'all wanna vote Jayleen in?
(music playing)
This is where
the bodies are buried.
- Oh. my gosh. Okay.
- Oh. hell. no.
- What is it?
- What the heck?
Plexiglass is never good
on "Fear Factor."
- Hall of Fame?
- These are four giant
plexiglass containers.
which as
a "Fear Factor" super fan.
I know what's going to happen.
People are going to
go in there.
"Fear Factor" creatures
are going to come down.
No. bro. Not the head.
Lord. please.
this is not for me.
- Johnny!
Welcome to the place
where everything can change.
The Endgame.
It's about to end one of you.
Now. Zach and Rob.
Tyler and Lance.
you won the first challenge.
which means you've earned
the ultimate perk.
the power to play
puppet master.
- Aww. man.
- Now. you'll choose
four of your former friends
for this challenge.
We call it Hall of Fame
because it features
some of our biggest
fan favorites...
(hissing. chittering)
...from the OG "Fear Factor."
- Oh!
- Yeah!
And you are going to meet them
real soon in these.
- (groaning)
- You will get into
one of these chambers.
And upon my signal. a bucket
will be dropped on you.
It will contain two things.
capsules and creatures.
You'll each receive
randomly designated creatures.
Now. in every drop. there is
one capsule with a code in it.
Find that code
and type it into your keypad.
That will unlock another set
of creatures and capsules.
where. again. only one capsule
will contain a code.
This cycle of capsule
and creatures will happen
a total of three times.
The first person
to enter all three codes
lives to fight another day.
The first person to quit
or the last person
stuck in their chamber
unfortunately
will be eliminated.
- Oh. my gosh.
- Wow.
Winners. come stand over here
next to me please.
It's time for you to decide
who will face elimination.
- Oh. my gosh. I'm so nervous.
- (muted chatter)
God. I really hope that
my social game was good enough
- to keep me out of this.
- Zach. who's the first person
the group is choosing
for the Endgame?
Cheerleader.
Kristen. can you come
to the middle. please?
Dude. get over me.
Just because I would
never look at you twice
if you walked by me
in the street
doesn't mean that you need
to put a target on my back.
Why did you pick Kristen?
I mean. well. she's told us
a little bit about herself.
She's an NFL cheerleader.
so she's in good shape.
It's a hater mentality.
It really is.
He could have chosen a man
and he could have shown up
for his daughter
and not chosen a girl
that was scared.
All: Ooh!
- But...
- Zing!
...his daughter
will see him go after women
the way that he has
in this house.
Prove him wrong. Kristen.
All right. Rob.
who's the group choosing next?
We chose...
- Ethan.
- Johnny: Oh. Ethan.
- Yeah.
- Why did you choose Ethan?
- Step right up.
- Because he's a hell
of a competitor.
- He's a threat. yes.
- I'm a threat. I'm a threat.
- Absolutely.
- Lance?
- Rodney.
- (groans)
It's too early
for me to go home.
but I'm not an easy kill.
I'm from Brooklyn.
We don't die that easily.
Right now. a lot of people don't
know exactly some of your fears.
so we just don't know
where you stand.
Johnny: Okay.
All right. Tyler.
who is the final person
- the four of you are choosing?
- We chose...
Jayleen. Because you are
a frickin' alpha female
and because you are a threat.
And I mean that in the best
frickin' way possible.
Jayleen. you got this.
Johnny:
Oh. my goodness. Jayleen.
I am pissed off right now.
I'm not gonna lie.
I feel blindsided.
Rob was the one who came to me
and Kristen with an alliance.
so I want to know
what changed from then to now
because he lied to me.
Johnny:
One of these four people
are going home tonight.
I don't want no one to go home.
Let's get to your chambers.
What if I am
going home tonight?
This could be it. dude.
This could be it.
I'm genuinely terrified
right now.
I do not want
to do this at all.
There's no other way
to put it.
This is my worst nightmare.
It's simple enough.
Escape the chamber
and escape elimination.
- Oh. my God!
- Easy. Easy work. easy work.
- You got it.
- Ready? Go.
(horns blare)
Oh. oh. oh. oh.
- (all groaning)
- Crickets?
- Oh. my goodness. Y'all!
- Oh. my God. I'm dying.
Oh. my God.
I'm freaking out.
but I have to lock in
and think strategy.
otherwise I'm going home.
Crickets. They're getting
all over her. dude.
Johnny: Oh!
Those crickets are jerks!
I am scared.
and I'm mad that they put me
in this position.
But I'm determined
and I'm going to do
what I gotta do.
Johnny: Okay. now here
come the creatures.
You each get a different one.
- Jayleen.
here's some rats for you.
- Oh. my God!
- Johnny: You're welcome.
Johnny:
Ethan. you have pigeons.
- Ethan! Bro!
- Rodney. you get lizards.
- Oh. my God!
- No. no. no. no!
- No. no. no!
- Johnny: And. Kristen.
- for you we have snakes.
- Oh. my God! Oh. my God.
- (Johnny laughs)
- (overlapping shouting)
- Oh. my God.
- I want out.
I want out. I want out.
- No. no. no. no.
- You got this!
- Please get me out.
- You got this.
Aah!
- Oh. my God.
- No. No. no. no. no. no!
- You got this.
- She wants out!
- No. no. no!
- Stay. No. no. Stay.
Okey-dokey. here comes
the capsules.
Seriously? Seriously?
Johnny: One of them contains
the first of three codes
- you need to get out.
- Ugh.
- Guys. I cannot.
- You freaking got this!
- You got this. You got this.
- Oh. my God.
Oh. my God! Stay!
All I can see is my friends
just cheering me on.
- So I keep going.
- Yeah. the ball. The ball.
At this point. I'm like.
"Get this over with."
You got this.
Rodney! Rodney!
Look at him with the lizards!
The geckos and the lizards
are crawling in my eye.
- Oh. my gosh.
- And my only thought is
please don't go up my nose
or in my ear.
You got it.
You got it. Come on!
Rodney's got his first code.
All right.
another bucket dump.
(groaning)
- There you go! Let's go!
- Get the black balls.
I am scared of rats. but...
I can't (bleep) open it!
...I'm just trying to find
that code as fast as I can
because I want to stay
in this competition.
12!
Johnny:
Jayleen's got her first code.
Oh. my God!
I am glad I am not
in this Endgame tonight.
- Johnny:
Second dump for Jayleen.
- Just breathe.
Breathe! Don't look at it.
Just breathe.
Get it. You got it.
Don't look!
Don't look?
They're everywhere!
Look at that one
crawling up the side. bro!
Oh. yes! Oh!
Zach is being completely
awful right now.
Come on. Zach. it's not cool.
That one's gonna get her. dude.
- Bro.
- Dude. look at Ethan!
- Oh. my God!
- I feel like a madman trying
to get out of this box.
I do not want
to go home tonight.
- Ethan's got his first code.
- (screaming)
Here comes more
friendly critters for you.
- Oh. my gosh!
- Bucket drop two.
Kristen. you got it.
You got it. girl.
Johnny:
Jayleen found her second code.
(bleeping)
- Take a deep breath.
- Johnny: Third dump.
Jayleen's in the lead right now.
- It's going down by her waist!
- Oh. my God!
Oh. my God. I'm freaking out.
I'm. like. itching.
- You're doing great.
- You're doing it!
You're doing good!
- Oh. my God!
- Kristen found her first code.
She's doing it!
All right. Kristen!
- (hissing)
- Guys? Aah!
- Guys?
- Come on.
Johnny: Ethan now has
his second code. One left.
Yeah. come on. Bring it.
- Rodney got his second code.
- Rodney!
- This is close.
- Come on!
- (groaning)
- Jayleen! You have rats
on your neck.
But one more number
and you're free.
I cannot find the ball!
Rodney's got his third code.
He's getting out.
Rodney is safe from elimination.
- Good job!
- Oh. hell. yeah!
Let's go. let's go.
I'm safe. I'm here to play.
These guys gotta beware.
- No.
- (overlapping shouting)
(squeaking. chittering)
Jayleen still looking
for that third code.
We here. 83.
Ethan has his third code!
He's free.
- Yes. Ethan. come on!
- Ethan's out! Ethan!
I am safe from elimination.
- Now it's down
to Jayleen and Kristen.
- Guys?
- It's a scramble.
- (overlapping shouting)
Kristen. she's got
to find that second code.
but she is struggling.
- Kristen. get the ball!
- (hissing)
- You've got this!
- Come on! Come on!
One more ball!
- No.
- (squeaking)
Please! Where is it?
Look at that one
right there. dude.
Here he comes.
- (giggling)
- Zach is literally outside
Kristen's box taunting her.
revving up
her energy even more
where she's not able to even
concentrate on the task.
That is definitely coming out
to get her. dude. Ooh!
Get this (bleep)
out of my face.
I'm just feeling
so much anger build up in
my body at this point.
I'm just so angry that
I was put into this position.
Oh!
- (bleep)
- Keep looking. Keep looking.
Now it's down to Jayleen
and Kristen.
- Oh. it's a scramble.
- Please! Where is it?
- Keep going. Jayleen.
- They're (bleep).
- Just one more ball.
- The rats are peeing
and pooping everywhere.
What in the hell?
Oh. my goodness! Y'all!
The snakes are gathering
around the capsules.
so I'm having to reach
into piles of snakes
to grab the capsules.
- Whoo! Oh. ho. ho. ho!
- No! (bleep)
- Heh.
- No!
- Kristen. you can do it.
- No. no. no!
- Please get the snakes off.
- (hissing)
Aah! Wait. it's hissing.
It's hissing.
- Oh!
- I'm scared. I want out.
I can't do this anymore.
This is my worst fear.
I would rather go home.
- Aah!
- I have to quit.
- Please get me out of here.
- Oh. wow. Kristen's quitting.
- She's done.
- That's it.
- Aah!
- You're okay. You're okay.
- It's over!
- (muted chatter)
Kristen quit.
so I'm staying.
I'm just so relieved.
No. that was actually
genuinely horrible.
Like. I'm not even joking.
That was horrible.
I think I could have
lasted longer. but it's okay.
I still overcame a fear.
and that's what counts.
Kristen. you decided
to leave your chamber.
so this is the end
of the game for you.
Unfortunately for you.
fear really was a factor.
- Everybody say their goodbyes.
- I'm so sad.
I gotta go. I gotta go.
Knowing I went that long
in a box of so many snakes.
I'm pretty proud of myself.
- Good luck.
- What I have learned
is the real snake is Zachary.
I hope I never
see Zachary's face again.
- Never.
- Bye. Kristen!
- Practice your dancing for me!
- (overlapping chatter)
- Good job. Kristen!
- Whoo!
(hissing)
- Zach. is that how you
thought it was going to--
- Oh. yeah.
You thought it
was going to go like that?
Oh. yeah. I knew
she was weak like that.
- I didn't think it
was going to go like that.
- She done!
- I was like. "She's gone."
- Johnny: Oh. my God.
- He has no soul.
- Literally.
"Fear Factor"
is not going to be easy.
Just remember. who you crossed
may have consequences later.
So congratulations on
facing your fears this time.
Head back to the Fear House
and get ready
for tomorrow's challenge
because it's going to
be a doozy.
I don't know what
"Fear Factor" has to offer.
but please. God be with me.
Oh. my God.
This is going to be insane.
What does Johnny
have in store for us next?
This season on
"Fear Factor: House of Fear."
(screaming)
This is a nightmare for me.
I am never ready
for what Johnny has planned.
(screaming)
(laughing)
It's going to get so much worse.
Welcome to the Pain Auction!
- Aah!
- I licked the last five
needles for good luck.
- Aah!
- Pig blood and cow stomach.
If you puke into the cup.
drink it all up.
(retching)
I can't. I can't. I can't.
I can't. I can't.
- (screaming)
- (bleep)
We're not a family.
We're all competing
for $200.000.
- Oh. my God!
- I don't give a (bleep).
- I'm out for blood.
- You should never trust anyone
in a competition like this.
- What's your strategy. Ethan?
- Friends close. enemies closer.
- Aah!
- It's okay.
I will use every fiber
of my being to ensure that you
are not walking away
- with $200.000
at the end of this.
- It's time to work. diva.
And I will work. diva.
You wish you could be me. babe.
Wow! These challenges
can make you sick.
and they can make you dead.
- Can we have a medic?
- (groaning)
- Is he okay?
- (screaming)
- (sirens)
- Oh. my God.
(screaming)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm